# CS741-Project

For the scheduling algorithms (FCFS, SJF and RR), the input is hardcoded into the programs. The process number, burst time and arrival time have been implemented as a list with 3-tuple elements (For e.g. [[0,3,1],[1,8,0]]). In the example  given, the list consists of two processes with burst/arrival time of 3/1 and 8/0 respectively. In case of round robin, the quantum slice have also been hardcoded into the program and can be changed as required. Inorder to relate the traditional operating system schedulers with the function schedulers in cloud, we can consider the burst time to be the function execution time and the turnaround time as the latency of function execution on the platform. The output of the programs will consist of a table specifying all input parameters and the waiting time and turnaround time of each request; as well as the average waiting time and average turnaround time. 

In both the hashing and consistent hashing algorithms, the inputs have been given as a list. The inputs in the programs are in the form of IP addresses. It is to be noted that the hash values will change with each re-execution of the programs due to the inbuilt hash function behaviour in Python. For a set of input (denoted by the named S in the program), the hash values are computed and are mapped accordingly to the servers. The variable n0 corresponds to the number of servers available on the platform. In c_hashing.py, weight variable corresponds to the total capacity of the servers. The function hash_labels() is used to create the server sub-labels as well as to compute the degree values of the same. Both the hashing and consistent hashing programs are designed to be run continuously until the user declines to continue. This is because of the recalculation of the hash values when the programs are re-executed.

For the least connection program, the list 'w' stores the weights of the servers and the list 'c', the number of active connections of the servers. The inputs are given manually by the user, inclusing the required demand of the function that is invoked. The programs mentioned simply returns the assignement of the function requests to a server based upon the respective programs' inbuilt logic.
